feat(loki.source.podlogs): add preserve_discovered_labels option (#4606)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.source.podlogs.md

## Exported fields

> When `preserve_discovered_labels` is disabled (the default), `loki.source.podlogs` doesn't export any fields.

Author: ```suggestion

When `preserve_discovered_labels` is set to `false`, `loki.source.podlogs` doesn't export any discovered fields (`__meta` labels).

When `preserve_discovered_labels` is set to `true`, `loki.source.podlogs` sends the discovered labels to the downstream components, and then the labels are dropped by either `loki.process` or `loki.write` when the pipeline is completed.
```

I think this is more accurate

}
```

> This example shows how to preserve discovered pod labels for use by downstream components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to preserve discovered Pod labels for use by downstream components:
```
